Okay, so one thing I need to let you know about
is that we have a bug in our application.
Yes, a bug.
And let's take a look at the bug
and let's figure out how we can resolve it.
So in our checkout form,
if we go through and we add items here
or select items here for our shipping address,
so we select the country and then we select the state
and then we enter the information here for the city.
And then if I move down here and I check the box
billing address same as shipping address,
it should copy everything
over to the billing address section.
So I'll scroll down a bit
and notice here that the state is not populated.
All right, so if you choose that item there, it's empty.
There's nothing there.
And you're probably wondering,
wow, what's going on or why is that
and what's the problem?
Well, the problem is that in our HTML template,
our dropdown list or list of options are populated
based on billing address states,
but our code is not in sync
or our code is not set up to have that data,
so we actually need to update the array in the component
with the appropriate data.
So we need to make an assignment here
for billingAddressStates and copy over
or assign the values of shippingAddressStates here
so this will kind of work out.
So it's mainly just with the populating
of the dropdown list options.
And this is a fairly easy fix.
So let's go ahead and swing into our IDE
and into our checkout.component.ts file.
And then let's move down to that method
copyShippingAddressToBillingAddress.
And then I'll kind of zoom in here for a second.
And then we'll add in this bug fix code.
And so basically what I need to do here
is I need to assign shippingAddressStates
to billingAddressStates
because at the moment that value is not assigned
and that's why we get an empty selection error
or empty dropdown list for the billingAddressStates section.
All right, so that code's in place.
And then also down in the else block,
that's where we uncheck that copy item.
So here we do a reset,
but we also want to clear out the billingAddressStates
for this scenario too.
So here, I simply say
billingAddressStates equals square brackets,
just an empty array.
And that'll take care of this item here
for that given bug that we have in the app.
So I'll just kind of save that, swing back over,
and then I'll test this one more time in my application.
So I'll select the country,
choose a state and then I'll enter the city
and then I'll move down here and I'll check the box there
for billing address same as shipping address and success.
All right, so state is populated,
so that kind of works out as desired.
So I'm happy about that.
And then if I go here and uncheck the box
and everything is cleared out as desired,
check it back on and we copy everything from shipping.
So this is great.
So we found the bug, we saw the bug,
and we added code to resolve the bug.
Alrighty, good job.